fixes the re-render warning for using useIsFocused (#1299)
react-navigation/react-navigation.github.io: versioned_docs/version-6.x/use-is-focused.md

}
```

> Note that using this hook in a component triggers a re-render on that component when the focus is changed for the screen that contains the component. This might cause lags during the animation if your component is heavy. You might want to extract the expensive parts to separate components and use [`React.memo`](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-api.html#reactmemo) or [`React.PureComponent`](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-api.html#reactpurecomponent) to minimize re-renders for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that using this hook triggers a re-render for the component when the screen it's in changes focus. This might cause lags during the animation if your component is heavy. You might want to extract the expensive parts to separate components and use [`React.memo`](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-api.html#reactmemo) or [`React.PureComponent`](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-api.html#reactpurecomponent) to minimize re-renders for them.
```
